/////
This file belongs to docs folder. It is here so I can open it with netbeans lols
/////

The grid or grid plane is a plane with a special topology.

Axis:
The x coordinate grows to the right, whereas the y coordinate grows downwards.
It extends infinitely in all four directions.

Geometric figures:
The following geometric figures are defined in the grid plane: points, lines,
rays, segments and cells. Each geometric figure can be described with an
equation.

Points:
Points have discrete coordinates. Therefore, there are infinite points,
but the density of points is not infinite.
A point is identified by its coordinates (x,y).
The equation of the point (x',y') is:
x = x'
y = y'

Neighbour points:
Two points (x1,y1), (x2,y2) are neighbours if they are at distance 1.

Distance:
The distance between points is defined as the pythagorean distance: it's the
square root of the sum of the squared differences of their coordinates.
distance((x1,y1),(x2,y2)) = sqrt((x1-x2)^2  + (y1-y2)^2)

The distance between two areas is defined as the distance between the closest
pair of points such that each point is adjacent to a cell contained in each
area.

Lines:
There are only vertical and horizontal lines. The x coordinate of a vertical
line is discrete, as well as the y coordinate of a horizontal line.
A line is identified by its fixed coordinate.
The equation of the vertical line x' is:
x = x'
y = any

Rays:
A ray is a variaton of line that has a starting at a point, called origin.
A ray is identified by its starting point and its direction, which can be
N, W, S or E.
The equation of the right ray (x',y') is:
x > x'
y = y'

Segments:
A segment is a variation of line that starts and ends at two points, called
endpoints. The endpoints must be different.
The length of the segment is the distance between the endpoints.
A segment is identified by its endpoints.
The equation of the vertical segment (x',y1),(x',y2) is, given y1 < y2:
x = x'
y1 < y < y2

Cells:
The area between a set of four points such that each one has exactly two
neighbours in the set (points such that their coordinates are of the form (x,y),
(x,y+1), (x+1,y) and (x+1,y+1)) is called cell.
Therefore, a cell has the shape of a one unit wide and one unit high square.
To identify it, the coordinates of the upper left point ((x,y)) are used, with
the following notation: <x,y>.
The equation of a cell <x',y'> is:
x' < x < x'+1
y' < y < y'+1

Contention:
One geometric figures f1 is contained in another f2 if the set of pairs of
values (x,y) that fulfill the equation of f2 also fulfill the equation of f1.
In particular, the origin of a ray is not contained in the ray, and the
endpoints of a segment are not contained in the segments.

Intersection:
Two geometric figures intersect if there is exactly one pairs of values
(x,y) that fulfill the equations of both. Said point is called the intersection.

Adjacency:
A cell is adjacent to the four aforementioned points and none more.
Two cells are adjacent if they share 2 adjacent points.
A cell is adjacent to a line, segment or ray if two of its adjacent points are
contained in it.
In any case, adjacent figures of a cell are not contained in it.

Areas:
An area is an arbitrary set of cells.
A cell is contained in an area if it's part of the set.

Edges:
An edge of an area is a segment that fulfills the following property.
A segment s is an edge of an area a if there is no pair of
cells separated by s such that exactly one of them is
contained in a and its endpoints are the endspoints of other edges of a.
Two cells are separated by s if there is a pair of points such that each cell is
adjacent to both of them and the segment formed by those points is contained in
s.

Informally, an edge is a segment that, along its whole length, it has a
contained cell on one side and a non-contained cell on the other.

However, the side of the contained cell can change. This happens when the edge
is intersected by another edge of the same area.

Perimeter:
The perimeter of an area is the set of its edges.

Rectangles:
A rectangle is a set of four segments. Two are horizontal and have
the same length, and two are horizontal and have the same length too. The
endpoints of the segments coincide, forming a cicle.


